I give 30 pages
Ming Lao, remember what I said
The land in the east of the city will not become a new development project
Humph
Projects in Dongcheng District
Has long been integrated into development projects
Who doesn't know what you're lying about?
I'm telling the truth.
Believe it or not?
Du Chan, I think you are just jealous
Wait for the project development documents for the new urban area to come down
See what else to say
3 billion time
3 billion twice
3 billion three deals
The next auction is the development rights of Xicheng District
Due to the particularity of the location of Xicheng District
So the starting price for this auction is only 50 million
Each price increase shall not be less than 10 million
Coming to Shangyin Market
The project plan for the new urban area is set in Dongcheng District
Due to the discovery of large wooden bridges during the development process
Cancel as a last resort
Temporary change of planning location to Xicheng District
So Dongcheng was put on hold.
As a result, many developers lost their money
One hundred million
I finally found my chance
Although this land is worthless
But three billion
Five hundred million, six hundred million.
Six hundred million fifty million
I think this kid might be gouging up prices again
Don't lie to him again
You're right actually.
It's just a broken piece of ground
So what if you gave it?
Mr. Du Chen offered 650 million
Is there anything else to remove from the shelves?
650 million a time.
650 million twice
650 million three times
Congratulations, Mr. Gambler
At a price of 650 million
Buy the development rights of Xicheng District